# 📑 Changelog 01/15/2025 - 01/27/2025

## 🟢 Status `Released`
________

## 🪡 Crafting Recipes

### Arrow Recipe Changes
- Removed requirement for `Metal Scrap`

### Makeshift Vest
- Reduced `Metal Scrap` requirement (from 75 -> 50)
- Added `Duct Tape` requirement (2x)

### Added `Sticks` recipe
- Requires `Wood Logs` (1x)
- Requires any axe item
- Crafts `Stick` (6x)

________

## 📢 Features and Improvements

### ✅ `Feature` Added an inspection UI
> This UI provides a lot of detail about items, their crafting recipes, and their associated status effects

### ✅ `Feature` Added `Premium` servers
> Only users that are verified by Roblox may join these servers.
- Verification includes, but isn't limited to, non-VOIP phone number or government ID verification.

### ✅ `Feature` Added `Item Render Distance` setting
- High = 512 studs, Medium = 256, Low = 128, Minimum = 64
- Items past this distance will not be rendered.
- When moving away from items, it may take time for them to unrender. This action is intentionally deferred.

### 🔼 `Improvement` Changed the appearance of `Stagnant Water` and `Dirty Water` to help visually differentiate between them

### 🔼 `Improvement` Improved the orientation of several item view models

________

## ⚖️ Changes

### ❗ `Change` Reduced weight stamina usage while running by ~17.5%
- Old drain equation `(0.5 + 0.00078 * μ) / second` -> 6.35 at 7,500μ (75kg)
- New drain equation `(0.5 + 0.00064 * μ) / second` -> 5.3 at 7,500μ (75kg)

### ❗ `Change` Reduced healing application time on `Healing Salve`
- From `10s` to `5s`

### ❗ `Change` `Compass` can now be scrapped.
- Provides `Metal Scrap` (10x) and `Glass Scrap` (5x)

### ❗ `Change` `Chemlight` can now be scrapped.
- Provides `Plastic Scrap` (10x)

### ❗ `Change` Increased irradiated damage by 50%.
> This effect is applied passively from being in an irradiated area.

### ❗ `Change` Rebalanced household knives
- Buffed damage of Cleaver from 15 to 16
- Nerfed damage of Kitchen Knife from 15 to 14
- Nerfed damage of Steak Knife from 15 to 11
- Nerfed headshot multiplier of Steak Knife from 1.4 to 1.2
- Buffed Steak Knife RPM from 150 to 160
- Nerfed Cleaver RPM from 150 to 140
- Cleaver can now break legs upon impact

### ❗ `Change` Rebalanced `SCAR` and `FN FAL`
- Increased Damage. Increased by 10 damage.
- Increased Recoil. Increased by 50%.

________

## 🐛 Bugfixes
- Fixed a bug where upon returning to your grave another player could take items from it and it would appear as though none were missing.
- Fixed a bug where underbarrel attachments were rotated the wrong direction on weapons. (Laser sight, Flashlight, etc)
- Fixed a bug where reseting keybinds did not save.
- Fixed a bug where bad save data was being saved in settings, leading to corrupt settings data and broken keybinds.
- Fixed a bug which caused an ammo desync in a weapon when splitting the ammo stack in the gun's ammo slot.
- Fixed a bug where POI music wasn't respecting the Music Volume setting.
- Fixed a bug where quick use slots would not load when rejoining.
- Fixed a bug where running weight stamina drain wasn't applied immediately, allowing players to toggle running to prevent extra drain.
- Fixed a bug which put the MK-47's underbarrel attachment inside of the magazine.
- Fixed a bug where voice chat did not work.
- Fixed a bug where zombies did not attack doors.
- Fixed a bug where some servers did not allow players to enter buildings.
- Fixed a bug where sneakers did not have any weight.
- Fixed a bug which allowed a `Mulepack` to be skinned as the patriotic `Rucksack`.
- Fixed a bug which allowed destroyed models into the ground item model cache (potentially resulting in invisible ground items).
- Fixed a bug where drop down settings did not load correctly (value was invalid while display text was correct).
- Fixed a bug which created duplicate interactions for ground models in certain cases (causing a stuck item in the vicinity UI).
- (Hopefully) fixed a bug which prevented settings from saving and loading.
- (Hopefully) fixed a bug which prevented HUD stats from displaying the correct values.
