# :bookmark_tabs:  Changelog 12/15/2024 - 12/24/2024

## :green_circle: Status `Released`

## :speech_balloon: Patch Notes
Merry Christmas! This week we are rolling out our Title Screen implementation. This should address issues with console players being unable to join specific servers.
This is the first step torwards building out the next set of core gameplay mechanics, such as base building and crafting. Additionally, this is the first iteration of a fully roblox-backed server list without any external service, so please be forgiving if it is not perfect right away. As we are still testing this style of serverlist, loot will remain global, and our loot wipe will happen only after we reach a certain level of confidence.

This may seem like a small changelog, but a lot of work is going on under the hood so that we can set the game up for success with our future plans.

Common Questions:
________
Q: Does this mean loot is only saved on a specific server instance?

A: Not yet. We plan on enabling this functionality after our loot wipe in early 2025
________
Q: Can I create private servers now?

A: Not yet. With this being an initial implementation, we want to first flesh out all of its shortcomings before allowing users to host their own servers.
________

## :loudspeaker: Features and Improvements

### :white_check_mark: `Feature` Title screen
- This is where you will be able to configure your character, view and aquire skins, adjust game settings, select game servers, and more.
- Not feature complete yet. This is our initial rollout phase to test the serverlist concept.
- Expect more to come.
________

## :bug: Bugfixes
- Fixed a bug which caused already dead players to not play death animation upon streaming in
- Fixed xbox controller being unable to bind to right thumbstick
- Fixed a bug where zombies would not initialize properly, leaving the server empty of zombies