# :bookmark_tabs:  Changelog 02/14/2024 - 02/17/2024

<!-- ## :green_circle: Status `Released` -->
## :green_circle: Status `Released`

## :speech_balloon: Patch Notes
Loot rebalances, some simple new items, map changes, and general bug fixes.

________

## :gun: New Items

### Pistol Suppressor
> We felt that getting all of the suppressors you needed was a bit too easy, so we've added another suppressor type specifically for low caliber weapons.
- Suppressor specifically for low caliber weapons.
- Attaches to weapons that use .45 ACP, 9mm, and .44 Magnum.

### Rifle Suppressor
> Along with adding the pistol suppressor we've also added a rifle suppressor.
- Suppressor specifically for higher caliber weapons.
- Attaches to weapons that use .223 Rem, .308 Win, and .50 BMG.

________

## :world_map: Map Changes
- Moved Radio Tower to nearby flat peaks.
- Flattened out old radio tower mountain.

________

## :loudspeaker: Features and Improvements

### :white_check_mark: `Feature` Radiation
> When a player is within a radiation zone without a full hazmat suit on, they will passively
> gain radiation, this causes heath drain and stamina drain while above 0.
- `Nuclear Power Plant` and `Quarry Cave` are now radioactive zones.
- Requires a full hazmat suit with gasmask to enter safely.

### :white_check_mark: `Feature` POI Name Announcements
- The name of the POI is displayed at the top of the screen.

### :arrow_up_small: `Improvement` Various memory usage improvements

### :arrow_up_small: `Improvement` Added new animations for the MP-133

________

## :balance_scale: Changes

### :exclamation: `Change` Loot spawn changes
- Reduced High-tier loot spawn rates
- Reduced Medium-tier loot spawn rates
- Reduced hunting cabin weapon spawn rates
- Added more higher/medium tier loot spawns in `Nuclear Power Plant`

### :exclamation: `Change` Reduced the number of military and hazmat zombies.

### :exclamation: `Change` Increased Shotgun Pellet Speed and Range.
- About a 100% increase to range, and 60% increase to pellet speed.

### :exclamation: `Change` MP133 no longer has an optic attachment.

### :exclamation: `Change` Shotguns no longer accept rifle scope attachments.

### :exclamation: `Change` Suppressors are no longer compatible with shotguns.
> With the aforementioned changed to suppressors, shotguns are no longer compatible with them.
> This will likely change in the future with the introduction of an Osprey style shotgun suppressor.

________

## :bug: Bugfixes
- Fixed a bug where containers would break and become completely inaccessible in certain cases.
- Fixed a bug where characters would get pushed through the ceiling in certain cases.
- Fixed a bug where characters would slide on flat surfaces in certain cases.
- Fixed a bug where sound modifiers were not working for building interiors.
- Fixed a bug where squads could no longer be created after a while in a server.
- Fixed a bug where zombies could walk through fences.
- Fixed a bug where bullets would collide with things they shouldn't.
- Fixed a bug where distant gunshot sounds were playing from suppressed weapons.
- Fixed a bug where when eating/drinking your arms in first person had the wrong clothing on.
- Fixed several issues with keybindings with controllers.
