# 📑 Changelog 12/10/2025 - 12/19/2025

## 🟢 Status `Released`

## 💬 Patch Notes
Merry Christmas!
________

## ✨ New Event

### Santa Claus Crash
> Santa is crash landing in Aftermath. Eliminate him and his Elf minions and claim the presents for yourselves!

### Christmas Skin Crate

### Winter Themed Map

________

## 🔫 New Items

### ACRO Red Dot
- Pistol optic
________

## 🔫 New Skins

### Snow Ghillie Skin
> Exclusive snow ghillie. Only obtainable by finding it and picking it up.
________


## 📢 Features and Improvements

### 🔼 `Improvement` You can now use stamina to rapidly climb ladders

### 🔼 `Improvement` Added the new boot, sneaker, and shoe colors to the spawn pool
________

## ⚖️ Changes

### ❗ `Change` Weapons with a tiny accuracy are now represented with a dot instead of crosshairs.

### ❗ `Change` Reduced price of equipment airdrop (from 249 -> 199) 

### ❗ `Change` Changed the way the bullet minimum damage is applied.
> Previously, minimum damage was applied after everything, including armor damage modifiers. This lead to
> issues with shotguns doing more damage than intended. For example, an Altyn with a face shield should reduce maximum
> damage from an MP-133 from 154 -> 38.5 but instead it just hit its minimum damage value of 80 (8 per pellet.)
> The intention behind this minimum damage value was for a minimum damage at range, where bullets experience a damage
> dropoff with distance. Now this minimum damage value simply applies before the armor modifier and the damage is as expected
> with armor.
>
> This will feel like a massive buff to Altyn and Ratnik especially, since their modifiers are much more relevent now.
________

## 🐛 Bugfixes
- Fixed a bug where your player would easily get "stuck" to other players and zombies.
- Fixed a misconfiguration with the crowbar which prevented it from being reskinned.
- Fixed a bug which caused the dufflebag to always appear as the green dufflebag, even when skinned.
- Fixed a bug where the Mosin Nagant had invisible parts in the inventory screens and HUD.
- Fixed a bug where guns vehicle damage multiplier was not properly accounted for.
- Fixed a bug where if you shot while being aim punched (flinching) your bullet was rejected on the server.
- Fixed a bug where ladders did not make footstep sounds while climbing.
- Fixed a bug where your camera was too high when sitting in a vehicle in first person view mode.
- Fixed a bug where bad item spawn data was in the military helmet spawn pool, causing invisible items.
- Fixed several tier 2 and 3 shirt skins that were set to `Purchase` instead of the `Pickup` unlock type as they should have been.
- Fixed a bug where the `Makeshift Hatchet` would return more scrap then it costs to craft.
