# 📑 Changelog 01/14/2026 - 01/17/2026

## 🟢 Status `Released`

## 💬 Patch Notes
________

## 🔫 New Items

### Assault Vest
- Tier 3 Body Armor.
- Found in Military zones.

________

## 📢 Features and Improvements

### 🔼 `Improvement` Improved the performance of the new rendering optimization slightly.

________

## ⚖️ Changes

### ❗ `Change` AS-VAL Stat Rework
- RPM change (from 750 - 900)
- Base damage change (from 30 - 18)
- Bullet speed change (from 875m/s - 330m/s)
- Reduced volume of gun shots by 40%

### ❗ `Change` SVD Stats
- Reduced Vehicle Damage Multiplier (from 5x -> 2.5x)
-> This is much more on par with other DMRs.
- Increased RPM (from 500 -> 600)

### ❗ `Change` MK-47 ammo type changed (from 223 Rem to 7.62 Soviet)
- Side effect of this change is that .223 bullets inside of the gun will be deleted, sorry.
- Increased base damage (from 24 -> 26)

### ❗ `Change` Crafting Recipe for 9x39mm ammo
- Reduced `Gun Powder` cost (from 8x -> 6x)
- Reduced `Scrap Metal` cost (from 6x -> 4x)

### ❗ `Change` Crafting Recipe for 7.62x54mmR ammo
- Reduced `Gun Powder` cost (from 12x -> 11x)
- Reduced `Scrap Metal` cost (from 7x -> 6x)

### ❗ `Change` Increased spawn rate for 40mm Grenade (from 1% to 5%)
- Spawns in high tier gear locations.

### ❗ `Change` Testing different lighting profiles
- During noon sun is brighter than before.
- Night time has less glare from the moon, and slightly brigter night-fog.
- Grass is now slightly darker green.
- Bushes are now slighly darker green.

________

## 🐛 Bugfixes
- Fixed a misconfiguration where body armor protected the lower arms and not the shoulders. It now protexts the shoulders and not the lower arms.
- Fixed a bug where zombies did not react to lower volume gunshots properly.
- Fixed a bug where melee weapons did not consume stamina.
- Fixed a bug which caused a medical airdrop to come when calling in a hazmat airdrop
- Fixed a bug with the Airfield event causing the NPCs, Crate, and Bomb to spawn at incorrect positions
- (Hopefully) fixed a bug which caused doors to become desynced.
