# 📑 Changelog 05/20/2025 - 05/29/2025

## 🟢 Status `Released`

## 💬 Patch Notes
Continuing to work on improving the little details that seem off, as well as fixing various frustrating bugs.

Most notably, we added our first permanent event in the game. A Blackhawk will fly over the map occasionally carrying high value loot.
If shot down, players can steal the loot from the crash. Such a loud event is likely to attract a lot of attention.

________

## 🔫 New Weapons

### Renelli M4
- 12 Gauge Semi-Automatic Shotgun
- Obtained in helicopter crashes

## 🔫 Weapon Changes
- Slightly increased recoil of M110K
- Slightly increased recoil of MK18
- Slightly increased rarity of MK18
- Slightly decreased rarity of MK14
- Increased the actual fire rate on the bow and arrow.

## 🔫 Item Changes
- Increased `Gun Powder` yield on `.50 BMG` (from 5 -> 15)
- Increased `Scrap Metal` yield on `.50 BMG` (from 3 -> 8)
- Increased `Gun Powder` yield on `7.62x54mmR` (from 5 -> 7)
- Increased `Scrap Metal` yield on `7.62x54mmR` (from 2 -> 5)

________

## 📢 Features and Improvements

### ✅ `Feature` Helicopter Event POI
- Randomly a helicopter will fly over the map!
- Shoot it down to get extra loot!
- Removed static heli crash location.
- Spawns more frequently in more full servers.

### ✅ `Feature` Exploiter Airdrops
- When an exploiter is banned in a server, their loot is placed in an airdrop and dropped around the center of the map.
- Airdrop takes 6 minutes to land.

### 🔼 `Improvement` Added `Cancel Item Action` Keybind
- This keybind cancels any current item context action, i.e. using medkit, eating, drinking, etc.
- Default is `Left Mouse Button` or `B`/`O` on controllers.

### 🔼 `Improvement` Updated Minimap.
- Updated to new road layout.
- Changed background terrain image.
- Fixed misaligned roads.
- Marked `Camp Ground` on the minimap.
- Moved `Pine Hill` tag over to the neighborhood, south of the `Camp Ground`.
- Changed `Radio Tower` to be red

### 🔼 `Improvement` Zombie Improvements
- Zombies no longer spawn in the sky.
- Zombies attempt to return to where they spawned.
- Lone zombies will idle over time.
________

## 🗺️ Map Changes

### New Haven Neighborhood
- Improved existing neighborhood east of New Haven
- Updated terrain
- Added more spawn locations

### Paradise Neighborhood
- Improved existing neighborhood north of paradise.
- Updated terrain.
- Fixed road zfighting.

### Prison
- Improved terrain around prison.
- Added additional road leading to prison parking lot.
- Buffed loot in warden's office.
- Buffed medical loot (Cabinets now spawn the same as redfield hospital).
- Buffed loot in basketball court.
- Buffed food spawns in cafeteria.
- Added loot spawns in some previously empty rooms.

### Radio Tower
- Changed the terrain around the military base
- Changed the terrain around the back entrance
- Changed the terrain around the side entrance
- Added a lot more small shrubbery
- Removed some trees

## ⚖️ Changes

### ❗ `Change` Improved effectiveness of all NVGs significantly.

### ❗ `Change` Stamina breathing sounds are now audible to other players.
- Also added some new sounds for this.

________

## 🐛 Bugfixes
- Fixed a bug which prevented the MK18 from spawning with ammo.
- Fixed a bug which caused players to occasionally take fall damage upon joining.
- Fixed several collision issues on stairs in the Prison POI.
- Fixed several collision issues in the main nuclear power plant building.
- Fixed collision issues on the steps going into the small two story office building.
- Fixed a collision issue on some doors which prevented players from shooting through them.
- Fixed a bug which allowed players to enter the bomb shelter without opening the hatch.
- Fixed several holes in the terrain around New Haven
- Fixed a bug where food items did not spawn on outdoor picnic tables.
- [MINOR] Fixed a bug where some items wouldn't spawn in specific, instanced, scenarios (i.e. helicopter crash, chinese bunker)
